README.rst, before:

ChemDataExtractor
=================

.. image:: http://img.shields.io/pypi/v/ChemDataExtractor.svg?style=flat-square
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/ChemDataExtractor

.. image:: http://img.shields.io/pypi/l/ChemDataExtractor.svg?style=flat-square
    :target: https://github.com/mcs07/ChemDataExtractor/blob/master/LICENSE

.. image:: http://img.shields.io/travis/mcs07/ChemDataExtractor.svg?style=flat-square
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/mcs07/ChemDataExtractor

ChemDataExtractor is a toolkit for extracting chemical information from the scientific literature.


Features
--------

- HTML, XML and PDF document readers
- Chemistry-aware natural language processing pipeline
- Chemical named entity recognition
- Rule-based parsing grammars for property and spectra extraction
- Table parser for extracting tabulated data
- Document processing to resolve data interdependencies


Installation
------------

To install ChemDataExtractor, simply run::

    pip install chemdataextractor

Or if you are an Anaconda user, run::

    conda install -c chemdataextractor chemdataextractor

Alternatively, try one of the other `installation options`_.


Documentation
-------------

Full documentation is available at http://chemdataextractor.org/docs


License
-------

ChemDataExtractor is licensed under the `MIT license`_, a permissive, business-friendly license for open source
software.


.. _`installation options`: http://chemdataextractor.org/docs/install
.. _`MIT license`: https://github.com/mcs07/ChemDataExtractor/blob/master/LICENSE

Commit message:

Updated README with installation instructions

README.rst, after:

ChemDataExtractor-IDE
=====================


.. image:: http://img.shields.io/pypi/l/ChemDataExtractor.svg?style=flat-square
    :target: https://github.com/mcs07/ChemDataExtractor/blob/master/LICENSE


ChemDataExtractor-IDE is an extension of the `ChemDataExtractor`_ repository with the functionality to identify microscopy images automatically.

Installation
------------

To install ChemDataExtractor, clone the repository with::

    git clone https://github.com/edbeard/chemdataextractor-ide.git

and run::

    python setup.py install

Then download the necessary machine learning models with::

    cde data download


Documentation
-------------

This code is intended to be used with the `ImageDataExtractor`_ software toolkit for the automatic extraction of microscopy images. Full details on installation and integration with ChemDataExtractor-IDE can be found at [dummy].

Full documentation on the general use of ChemDataExtractor is available at http://chemdataextractor.org/docs


License
-------

ChemDataExtractor is licensed under the `MIT license`_, a permissive, business-friendly license for open source
software.


.. _`ImageDataExtractor`: dummy
.. _`MIT license`: https://github.com/mcs07/ChemDataExtractor/blob/master/LICENSE
.. _`ChemDataExtractor`: https://github.com/CambridgeMolecularEngineering/chemdataextractor
